something that he has always been
successful on and really mentality for
balls is something that always keeps in
the game you can put him on any champion
listen no no welcome to the North
American else yes Wow so I was going to
say it's going to be a Teemo toppling
but they already have the renekton as
well keeping him completely out of
situation there while turtling special I
don't look to take this turret quite
fast but they've already lost theirs
they don't eat it well it seems like not
much to change so far at the start of
the season to remember the season 3
everyone started doing the early dives
and who at this point that is to
insurance oh well then he had been
winning in farm 28 to 20 but that was at
the cost of taking a long what his team
oh really offer to a teamfight if you're
gonna have gragas entire Earth nunu mass
is running into the fight what is who
gonna offer chemo chemo burek sended a
great time actually being back to base
and mid turret is actually prepped right
now a special throws it out but the
fancy flash fingers from Cloud 9 keep
him safe and middling really saw that
one coming barely getting that of their
buicks and would've definitely down this
time so that really this rotation
started we saw elimination and sneaky
coming up from the mid lane the first
time they pushed out V Erickson they get
the turret and this fight begins now
elimination very low the ignite takes
him out first pot going over to wild
turtle but the ad carries straight
retribution kills and the calling on the
backdraft is able to take down 50 very
nice job coming out turtle it's up on
the sneaky the ad carry draw the ignite
takes them down
menak specials able to pick himself up a
kill teemo coming out of nowhere and he
gets him with the mushroom it's a big
damn it why you got hurts just a little
bit i think dyrus wants any what it
looks like he thinks he can keep the
wither and range the body slammed
through the wall heís not taking too
much damage dyrus may be able to get
himself back in as for our weather all
the last barrel would add osito by these
guys both teams trying to get into the
fight and see which was the best angle B
Erickson able to make it out quick
enough ace in the hole takes down dyrus
so they can trade one for one but it's
not over chat they give the assault
battery into the vault breaker down a
Pearson and it looks like cloud nine is
always in the right place at the right
time right now the other one to follow
up in mid teemo's global taught but if
they leave their inhibitor door open
that's going to be trouble all through
the rest of the game they have a perfect
combination the top lane here to blood
boil Lucy and make him strong the
teleports going to be coming in oh it
goes so far will it bad or not keep he's
just way in there because he wanted that
was in the last fight so he is all in if
he tries to go for this I don't think
they're gonna waste that much for the
gold it's not that big yet they really
get so with the piltover peacemaker an
amazing hit the early smite coming out
the smite for meteos did not happen so
that was an ability take now it was a
Caitlyn steel right against a new new
effect two too much my gets kind of
baited into this fight and he's just on
the back side but he also thought he had
be Erickson in a positioning he wanted
so many mushrooms but it's not gonna be
enough cuz Pearson just levels up
through the damage anyways right yeah
team solomid trying to get that vision
of odd one getting caught there and they
do a perfect job of getting him on the
side while turtle ace in the hole takes
him down in boss is gonna be able to
segregate the rest of the team great
hook onto it special they take him down
a double kill now for bosses he is
finally able to get himself what is a
few aspects of that oh here we go oh
there is the x where is the Gragas build
oh wow it special may not even get that
for himself the explosive cask is still
up Pearson finally uses it but it's
incomplete defense it's when he was
dying the odd one looking to go down
next he tries to put absolute zero in a
great spot lemonnation with a nice fling
on to that but actually the kill goes
two balls and they're able to get
another
kill onto dyrus leaving only wild turtle
to run for his life cycle it was the
setup time there was required for that
now cloud 9 has the edge they wanted
really a great lock down onto a take
down this turret barons going to go to
cloud nine this means TSM feels that
they can take what they need here and
make the fight still happen in their
favor they're getting good poke damage
not even good poke damage on two balls
he's going to keep him there for the
fight he is almost locking down five
members they don't want to move there
all magnetically attracted to him and
dyrus is the focus for cloud nine right
now this could give wildturtle the rest
of the team enough time to do damage but
cloud nine is just too tanky medial is
coming through the AoE damage picking up
two in a row Pearson is the last one
standing they only lost sneaky it's on
to a man cheese bill that is not
possible it's like a different form of
the gambit guardian angels yeah Oh
special oh man bearing everything at
full length right now great catch there
by Walter costume a bit of help though
they're gonna get this turret off its
the Pope damage that they have is very
hard and conditional to get but they're
doing it over and over again CSM's
letting it land inhibitor now to go down
they just took down dyrus and that's a
70 second timer yeah and sneaky is at
max max items which is why these guys
are melting so hard high and sneaky both
hitting the same target no matter what
he has is going to die in under five
seconds so they're just going to crush
through this at TS I'm wants to fight
him cauterize gonna end it 50 seconds on
the death chamber for dyrus they take
down one turret even the neck does a
hell of a lot of damage their delusion
wildturtle backs off to the fountain
again when he can't lock up the iron
Solari goes down but isn't enough the
absolute zero put out for show it looks
like the Nexus will be the next to fall
here the coaling comes out they are just
absolutely taking everything they can
away from TSM and the wind 17 and I your
first game for the north
to the 2014 split goes the clock
they took their time but that was a good
game plan by cloud nine nobody expected
a mid lane Teemo for the first game but
that's how cloud nine role they weren t
able to take this one out 47 minutes
they by the end of it were twenty three
point three thousand gold ahead of gsm
and